- [Interviewer] For this video, we'll be using
source code found in 0303 begin spring boot production.
Once you have it loaded in IntelliJ,
the source code for this video is already preset
for building a war.
So all we need to do is jump in and type the
gradle clean build command.
Let's check our build directory, type ls
build libs, hit enter,
and we can see that
the SpringBootProdApplication.war exists.
Now let's go ahead and switch back
to our AWS console, ensure that your logged in,
And if you look at the recently visited services
we have a quick link to follow back to Elastic Beanstalk.
Let's go ahead and click that.
On this screen, we'll click create application.
Again, we're going to enter the same name
SpringBoot Prod Application.
Application tags we'll leave the blank.
For the platform we're going to choose
instead of Java we'll scroll to the bottom
and choose Tomcat.
And this should automatically choose Tomcat 8
with Corretto 11.
We'll change this to 8.5 with Corretto 8.
We'll leave the platform version as is,
and then click on upload code.
We'll click choose file.
We'll navigate to our exercise files.
Select the spring Boot Prod Application.war
and click open.
When the upload is complete
you will again see the green check mark.
This can take some time depending on your broadband speed.
Next we're going to click create application.
And again, this will take a few minutes
as the application server is provisioned and set up.
Okay, so when this finishes
we are going to start to see server errors again,
due most likely to the spring profile environment variable
not being set.
At any rate, we're going to do that now.
We'll click on configuration.
Then in the software edit area,
we'll click edit.
Then in the container options section,
and in the JVM options,
we're going to type -bspring.profiles.active=dev.
Afterward, we'll click apply
and this will cause the health settings to reload.
This is actually an interesting change
in how to produce the need for a spring profile
because other documentation suggests
that we need to put this as an environment property again,
and type in a key of all caps,
Spring_profiles_active
with a value of dev or QA or prod
or whatever your environment might be.
At any rate, once the server is refreshed
please click on the load environment link
above the configurations to load the new application
and voila.
We see the app and also the dev label
for the environment.
Now the process for removing these resources
is just the same as last time
when we deployed the jar to AWS.
We go to environments,
select the environment, click actions,
terminate the environment,
select springbootprod 2 environment,
copy and paste, click terminate.
The rest of this I'll let you do on your own.